README.rst, before:

================
django-reversion
================

|PyPI latest| |PyPI Version| |PyPI License| |TravisCI| |Docs|


**django-reversion** is an extension to the Django web framework that provides
version control for model instances.

Requirements
============

- Python 3.5 or later
- Django 1.11 or later

Features
========

-  Roll back to any point in a model instance's history.
-  Recover deleted model instances.
-  Simple admin integration.

Documentation
=============

Check out the latest ``django-reversion`` documentation at `Getting Started <http://django-reversion.readthedocs.io/>`_


Issue tracking and source code can be found at the
`main project website <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_.

You can keep up to date with the latest announcements by joining the
`django-reversion discussion group <http://groups.google.com/group/django-reversion>`_.

Upgrading
=========

Please check the `Changelog <https://github.com/etianen/django-reversion/blob/master/CHANGELOG.rst>`_ before upgrading
your installation of django-reversion.

Contributing
============

Bug reports, bug fixes, and new features are always welcome. Please raise issues on the
`django-reversion project site <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_, and submit
pull requests for any new code.

1. Fork the `repository <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_ on GitHub.
2. Make a branch off of master and commit your changes to it.
3. Install requirements.

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install django psycopg2 mysqlclient -e .

4. Run the tests

.. code:: bash

    $ tests/manage.py test tests

5. Create a Pull Request with your contribution

Contributors
============

The django-reversion project was developed by `Dave Hall <http://www.etianen.com/>`_ and contributed
to by `many other people <https://github.com/etianen/django-reversion/graphs/contributors>`_.


.. |Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/django-reversion/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://django-reversion.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest
.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=60
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-reversion
.. |PyPI License| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=120
   :target: https://github.com/rhenter/django-reversion/blob/master/LICENSE
.. |PyPI latest| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=120
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-reversion
.. |TravisCI| image:: https://travis-ci.org/etianen/django-reversion.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/etianen/django-reversion

Commit message:

Update the models get_deleted to have correct subquery. Add record of changes to README.

README.rst, after:

================
django-reversion
================

Marcel changes
=============

We adapt the code to work with `django-safedelete`. In particular the
`models.py` method `get_deleted` is customized. Originally it fetches the latest
version which refers to an object instance that no longer exists. But since
with safedelete we never really delete an object instance, we have to modify so
that it fetches the latest instance which referes to an object that no longer
exists with `deleted=null` field (after safe-deletion that `deleted` field gets
set to the datetime of deletion).

We also modify `revisions.py` method `add_to_revision` so that we don't create
version for safe-deleted objects, just like we don't for hard-deleted objects and things behave.

|PyPI latest| |PyPI Version| |PyPI License| |TravisCI| |Docs|


**django-reversion** is an extension to the Django web framework that provides
version control for model instances.

Requirements
============

- Python 3.5 or later
- Django 1.11 or later

Features
========

-  Roll back to any point in a model instance's history.
-  Recover deleted model instances.
-  Simple admin integration.

Documentation
=============

Check out the latest ``django-reversion`` documentation at `Getting Started <http://django-reversion.readthedocs.io/>`_


Issue tracking and source code can be found at the
`main project website <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_.

You can keep up to date with the latest announcements by joining the
`django-reversion discussion group <http://groups.google.com/group/django-reversion>`_.

Upgrading
=========

Please check the `Changelog <https://github.com/etianen/django-reversion/blob/master/CHANGELOG.rst>`_ before upgrading
your installation of django-reversion.

Contributing
============

Bug reports, bug fixes, and new features are always welcome. Please raise issues on the
`django-reversion project site <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_, and submit
pull requests for any new code.

1. Fork the `repository <http://github.com/etianen/django-reversion>`_ on GitHub.
2. Make a branch off of master and commit your changes to it.
3. Install requirements.

.. code:: bash

    $ pip install django psycopg2 mysqlclient -e .

4. Run the tests

.. code:: bash

    $ tests/manage.py test tests

5. Create a Pull Request with your contribution

Contributors
============

The django-reversion project was developed by `Dave Hall <http://www.etianen.com/>`_ and contributed
to by `many other people <https://github.com/etianen/django-reversion/graphs/contributors>`_.


.. |Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/django-reversion/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://django-reversion.readthedocs.org/en/latest/?badge=latest
.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=60
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-reversion
.. |PyPI License| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=120
   :target: https://github.com/rhenter/django-reversion/blob/master/LICENSE
.. |PyPI latest| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-reversion.svg?maxAge=120
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-reversion
.. |TravisCI| image:: https://travis-ci.org/etianen/django-reversion.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/etianen/django-reversion
